Perhaps you are an average student with average intelligence. You do well enough in school, but you probably think you will never be a top student. This is not necessarily the case, however. You can receive better grades if want to. Yes, even students of average intelligence can be top student without additional work. Here's how:

* necessarily the case: 未必如此。

1. Plan your time carefully. Make a list of your weekly tasks. Then make a schedule or chart of your time. Fill in committed time such eating, sleeping, meetings, classes, etc. Then decide on good, regular times for studying. Be sure to set aside enough time to complete your normal reading and work assignments. Of course, studying shouldn't occupy all of the free time on the schedule. It's important to set aside time for relaxation, hobbies, and entertainment as well. This weekly schedule may not solve all of your problems, but it will make you more aware of how you spend your time. Furthermore, it will enable you to plan your activities so that you have adequate time for both work and play.

* committed time: 承诺时间：指某个任务或项目的预计完成时间，是一个人或团队对完成任务的承诺。
* put/set sth. aside: If you put/set aside money, you save it for a particular purpose. 留出……；拨出……；省出……。

2. Find a good place to study. Choose one place for your study area. It may be a desk or chair at home or in the school library, but it should be comfortable, and it should not have distractions. When you begin to work, you should be able to concentrate on subject.
3. Skim before you read. This means looking over a passage quickly before you begin to read it more carefully. As you preview material, you get some idea of the content and how it is organized. Later when you begin to read you will recognize less import material and you may skip some of these points. Skimming helps double your reading speed and improves you comprehension as well.
4. Make good use of your time in class. Listening to what your teacher says in class means less work later. Sit where you can see and hear well. Take notes to help you remember what the teacher says.
